Map Link: https://api.mapbox.com/styles/v1/jasonlin0707/cjrvn8k640h9d1fjowzvr717j.html?fresh=true&title=true&access_token=pk.eyJ1IjoiamFzb25saW4wNzA3IiwiYSI6ImNqcnRmZ3piazA1NnA0NG56ZG9vZG1hOGIifQ.WEwKJrPi4LTkXmqdrOz1ww#3.6/39.37/-94.12

Reflective Anlysis

In this assignment I used Mapbox to create a map showing earthquake locations in the U.S.. I believe the main takeaway from this assignment is being able to familiarize myself with this program. When I first started, the program itself seems very similar to GIS that I am familiar with. Mainly because we are creating and manipulating data layers. I came across the idea of creating a map showing earthquake locations for several reasons. First, since I am not familiar with the program, I believe an infographic map will be my best choice in order to learn some of the functions the program has to offer.  So the main audience for this map is for map users who are able to read Chinese as the states are written in Traditional Chinese.  Some of the questions the map hopes to answer is very straightforward which is where are earthquake located in the U.S.?  On the other hand, in terms of the styling of the map, I want to focus on the ease of reading the map, therefore, visual hierarchy was the main focus. In order to achieve this, I brought out the U.S. using a brighter colour while shading neighbouring countries with darker colour tone. During this process, I have learned a few important functions such as filtering the layer data. For example, since my country layer was for the entire world, I needed to filter the U.S. by selecting  “FORMAL_EN”, additionally, there were other filters I needed to conduct such as filtering out the country borders and selecting Chinese as the language of the states.  Therefore, I believe I did a good job providing visual hierarchy to the map user so they understand what the main focus of the map is. Moreover, in terms of usability such as zoom levels, I was able to select the necessary data shown at different zoom levels, and this is done through the “Text field” of the layer where I was able to customize the different zoom level number to show different data. 

Overall, this assignment allowed me to familiarize myself with mapbox by understanding the proper ways to upload shapefiles as zip or geojson files as well as using different functions within the program. Of course, there are numerous improvements I want and need to make to this map because I believe it is too simplistic and that I could add more levels of complexity to it. For instance, extending from the part about filtering, I need to learn how to filter earthquake data where there isn’t a field that would specify earthquakes in different countries. Therefore, I attempted to address this question by potentially limit the area of the data through the coordinates as it was given. However, I was unsuccessful.
	
Partner Critique
	
During my critique section, my map was able to deliver the message to my partner clearly. However, he had raised some potential improvements. For example, he was able to clearly see where all the earthquakes are happening across the world, however, the map at the time lacked a sense of direction, for example, the map’s visual hierarchy was poor since I was not able to filter my data layers. This resulted in my map basically provides too much unnecessary information to my partner. In addition, at the time, my earthquake location was represented with circle symbols, which is not a very visually-pleasing representation. Therefore, I was trying to see if I was able to make earthquake symbols size and opacity according to its magnitude.

